### Hello!


Matthew Gotth-Olsen is a creative technologist, maker, and strategic innovator focusing on emerging technologies and digital services. With more than 20 years of public and private sector experience, Matthew has an extensive background in data, innovation, health, technology and smart city technology initiatives.

Currently, I manage Shared Services, common infrastructure used by Humana's digital services team, connecting Coveo Search, Sitecore CMS and other systems to provide a personalized digital experience to prospective members, and current members. Previously, I managed the Financial Digital Product Portfolio for Digital Health & Analytics in Humana Inc. This team consists of multiple digital products with internal and external audiences, from individual insurance members, businesses, agents to internal stakeholders. In this role as the Lead Digital Strategist for Product Design & Development, I align, develop and create strategic road map milestones to meet & support competitive business objectives in the difficult regulatory healthcare market. In addition to the strategic product management life cycle, I am the direct responsible individual for agile transformation of this team for Core Digital Solutions, the digital channel of choice for Humana members.

As a government representative with Louisville Metro Government for 5 years in the Office of Performance Improvement & Innovation, as well as the Department of Information Technology, I created, lead and supported projects by building new and exciting technologies that enabled indoor navigation for the blind & visually impaired with the American Printing House for the Blind, empowered people to customize their experience with their government in partnership with Silicon Valley company IFTTT, built digital inclusion program resources with Google and engaged the community to improve transparency through digital services and Open Data through creation, development and governance of the Louisville Metro Open Data Portal and LouisvilleKy.gov.

I am active in several non-profit organizations; as a Core Advocate for the premier open civic tech community in Louisville, KY, the Civic Data Alliance, I supports the organization's strategic mission of openness & transparency of technology and data in society and government. My focus areas of privacy, security and digital rights include partnership with the Electronic Frontier Alliance (EFA), the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) and Data for Democracy (D4D), synthesizing these projects and disciplines in a multi-modal approach to improve digital rights, capabilities and freedoms for everyone.

